[PLT-2398] Add `--local-stratio-image-version` flag to override image version when `--use-local-stratio-image` flag is used (#809)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/installation.adoc

- `--keep-mgmt`: creates the cluster worker but leaves its management in the cluster local (only for *non-productive* environments).
- `--retain`: keeps the cluster local even without management.
- `--use-local-stratio-image`: does not build or download the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image; instead, it uses the local image.

> - `--local-stratio-image-version`: overrides the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image version when _use-local-stratio-image_ is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--local-stratio-image-version`: lets you specify the version of the _Stratio Cloud Provisioner_ image to use when the `--use-local-stratio-image` option is enabled.
```
